--++ Lighthouses 

--+++ Welcome to Lighthouses!

"You are the light of the world. Let your light shine before men in such a way that they may see your good works and glorify your father who is in heaven."  - Matthew 5:14 & 16 
It is an effort to reach out to the city of Aurora and the Fox River Valley for the kingdom of God.

One of the goals of River Valley Community Church is to be a people of prayer, that prayer just becomes second nature to us. One of the ways we want to do this is through our Prayer Band that meets on Sunday Mornings at 9:00am. The purpose of the  Prayer Band is to pray for our worship celebration, our church family, our personal burdens and praises, and whatever else the Holy Spirit places on our hearts.

Another way is through being committed to being a Neighborhood Lighthouse. It may sound ominous but it really just begins by making a commitment to pray for the people on your block. It is our goal that every person in the River Valley Community Church family is praying for the neighbors on their block. This really is the first step in taking the love of Christ into the community.

Another way that can be one of the most encouraging spiritual disciplines available to us all is the idea of a prayer partner.  A wonderful way to experience this is to ask someone you know to join you in praying a two-part prayer for each other every day for thirty days.  

First, pray for each other using one of the many prayers and Psalms found in Scripture. A great one to use is the prayer of the Apostle Paul for the people in the Colossian Church in Colossians 1:9-12.  Wherever Paul uses the words "we" or "you", instead of using those words, put in your name or the name of the person you are praying for.

For example: For this reason, since the day I heard it, I have not ceased praying for you and asking that (you and I) may be filled with the knowledge of God's will in all spiritual wisdom and understanding, so that (you and I) may lead lives worthy of the Lord, fully pleasing to him, as (you and I) bear fruit in every good work and as you (we) grow in the knowledge of God. May (you and I) be made strong with all the strength that comes from his glorious power, and may you (we) be prepared to endure everything with patience, while joyfully giving thanks to the Father, who has enabled (you and I) to share in the inheritance of the saints in the light. Colossians 1:9-12

Second, pray for each other according to your needs and requests, pray for guidance, health and healing, wisdom, for each other's work, families, extended relationships, and other expressed concerns.

Each month you can find a new prayer partner, or you can add a prayer partner, you can do this in your LifeGroups, but if you pray for each other daily, over time, you will have the joy of a personal prayer relationship with many other people.

May we as a people never forget the importance and the power of prayer in our lives.

In His Love and Service,
Andy

--++++ Mission

<ul>
1. Have every person in the River Valley Community Church family praying for the neighbors on their block.
2. Have a person on every block in Aurora and the Fox River Valley praying for his or her neighbor.
3. Pray for every person by name.
4. Be a light in the community.
5. Take the love of Jesus Christ into the community.
6. Be witnesses in our neighborhoods.
</ul>


--++++ Goals

<ul>
1. Every block in Aurora and throughout the Fox River Valley will have someone praying for the people on that block.
2. Through friendly evangelism, doors will be opened to share the message of love, hope and new life in Christ.
</ul>

For information about how to become a Lighthouse, contact our offices at 630-844-9115